hey girls so I'm going to do a really
really quick video for you guys all
about are from the Month for April which
is avocados sometimes get a really bad
rap for having a lot of fat in them
which is true since about eighty-five
percent of the avocados calories come
from fat but it's the type of fats that
are in the avocado which make it really
really healthy for you so there are 3
fats that are found in the avocados
which are beneficial to your health
number one is a fight a fight uh-
sterile yeah phytosterols essentially
our key supporters of our
anti-inflammatory system and they keep
all the swelling in our body under
control especially involving like
arthritis for example no 2 I some start
to the P it's like Paula polly
hydroxylated fatty alcohols did you guys
see that cute faces they're called also
help the inflammatory system and they're
really well-known in more ocean plants
than land plants that makes a little bit
unique four avocados and number three
this one is a lot of vowels in it um
olic oleic Olay oh like acid yeah so
that acid oh like acid is make it makes
up most of the fat that's in avocados
and it's a very similar fat composition
to that in all is in olive oil which we
already know they're good for us and
last but not least number four so I've
avocados can actually help regulate your
blood sugar levels because they are a
relatively low carb food and are also
low in sugar content which makes them
really low on the glycemic index and
they also contain a lot of dietary fiber
I think one avocado has 78 grams of
fiber in it which is known to help
regulate your blood sugar levels so
that's plus and that is everything
I hope you guys enjoyed this segment and
stay tuned we're going to have to
avocado rich recipes to share with you
guys leave its comment down below and
let us know what you think the recipes
are that we're going to be sharing on
Wednesday see if you can guess I'd like
to see how many of you can actually
guess what the two recipes are so I hope
you guys have a wonderful night our day
and i'll talk to you soon bye guys what